RTCError and RTCErrorEvent docs (#44047)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcerror/receivedalert/index.md

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

The **`receivedAlert`** read-only property of the {{domxref("RTCError")}} interface specifies the fatal {{Glossary("DTLS")}} error which resulted in an alert being received from the remote peer.

## Value

> A positive integer value specifying the fatal {{Glossary("DTLS")}} error which resulted in an alert being received from the remote peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A positive integer value.
```

Maybe? In this case, the text here pretty much exactly repeats the intro text.

> [!NOTE]

> > This property is `null` if the `RTCError` doesn't represent a DTLS error (with {{domxref("RTCError.errorDetail", "errorDetail")}} set to `dtls-failure`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This property is `null` if the `RTCError` doesn't represent a DTLS error.
> DTLS errors are indicated by the {{domxref("RTCError.errorDetail", "errorDetail")}} property being set to `dtls-failure`.
```
